Director Chen is very pleased to meet you, Master Liang has sent his words.
I'll be starring in your new play.
Who I use, who I don't use.
It's not your turn for someone else to tell you.
Chen Dao, this Liu San is the Thien King of our mainland.
His strength and reputation, three places on both sides, everyone could see.
Let's ask the whole Dragon Kingdom down there who is qualified to perform the Great Mausoleum of Wu Emperor.
Don't you really want to use that bastard?
This position is weird.
It's like Emperor Wu's Mausoleum came back to life.
Every one of you has no eyes.
Tonight we Tran Tinh Ngoc vow to take Hoang Trieu Group ten billion superstars contract with 300 million film remuneration
We sincerely invite you to star in the top 5 leading actors.
Are you kidding?
Hoang Thanh Group invests heavily, billion-dollar superstar plan is clear
It is said that they want to build the first 10 billion friendships for Vinh.
300 million, this completely set a new record for Nayun's highest salary.
Maybe cum compared to good people is not a superstar anymore.
Chen Dao, are you crazy?
You don't go to the White House.
A scoundrel can't sign himself on the table.
The entire Eastern Sea who does not know him Qin Xiao is a person who shouted through the mouse line
You're teaching me to work.
Tran Tinh Ngoc
Don't you know how important this play is to the Royal Guard?
You use a psychopath.
A look at White Prince Ta Du Long run Long Ngan idiot
It's really a pirate.
Great disobedience